1. The Regular License grants you, the purchaser, an ongoing, non-exclusive,
worldwide license to make use of the digital work (Item). Read the rest of this
license for the details that apply to your use of the Item.

2. You are licensed to use the Item to create one single End Product for
yourself or for one client (a “single application”), and the End Product can be
distributed.

3. An End Product is one of the following things, both requiring an application
of skill and effort.

(a) For an Item that is a web project, the End Product is a customised
implementation of the Item.

(b) For other types of Item, an End Product is a work that incorporates the
Item as well as other things, so that it is larger in scope and different in
nature than the Item.

4. You can create one End Product for a client, and you can transfer that
single End Product to your client for any fee. This license is then transferred
to your client.

5. You can modify or manipulate the Item. You can combine the Item with other
works and make a derivative work from it. The resulting works are subject to
the terms of this license. You can do these things as long as the End Product
you then create is one that’s permitted under clause 3.

6. You can’t re-distribute the Item as stock, in a tool or template, or with
source files. You can’t do this with an Item either on its own or bundled with
other items, and even if you modify the Item. You can’t re-distribute or make
available the Item as-is or with superficial modifications. These things are
not allowed even if the re-distribution is for Free.

7. Although you can modify the Item and therefore delete unwanted components
before creating your single End Product, you can’t extract and use a single
component of an Item on a stand-alone basis.

8. You must not permit an end user of the End Product to extract the Item and
use it separately from the End Product.

9. For some Items, a component of the Item will be sourced by the author from
elsewhere and different license terms may apply to the component, such as
someone else’s license or an open source or creative commons license. If so,
the component will be identified by the author in the Item’s description page
or in the Item’s downloaded files. The other license will apply to that
component instead of this license. This license will apply to the rest of the
Item.

10. For some items, a GNU General Public License (GPL) or another open source
license applies. The open source license applies in the following way:

Some Items, even if entirely created by the author, may be partially subject to
the open source license: a ‘split license’ applies. This means that the open
source license applies to an extent that’s determined by the open source
license terms and the nature of the Item, and this license applies to the rest
of the Item. Split and other open source licensing is relevant for themes and
plug-ins for WordPress and other open source platforms. Where split licensing
applies, this is noted in the Item’s download files.

11. You can only use the Item for lawful purposes. Also, if an Item contains an
image of a person, even if the Item is model-released you can’t use it in a way
that creates a fake identity, implies personal endorsement of a product by the
person, or in a way that is defamatory, obscene or demeaning, or in connection
with sensitive subjects.

12. If the Item contains digital versions of real products, trademarks or other
intellectual property owned by others have not been property released. These
Items are licensed on the basis of editorial use only. It is your
responsibility to consider whether your use of these Items requires a clearance
and if so, to obtain that clearance from the intellectual property rights
owner.

13. This license can be terminated if you breach it. If that happens, you must
stop making copies of or distributing the End Product until you remove the Item
from it.

14. The author of the Item retains ownership of the Item but grants you the
license on these terms. This license is between the author of the Item and you.
